 INT. CHLOE’S BEDROOM-DUSK

Scene opens with Chloe sitting on her bed. Boxes are piled around the room. A photo of Chloe and her father holding his shield and sword is hung up next to her bed. His shield has a beautiful sigal/symbol on it. Her shield, without a symbol, is hung up above her bed. Her night stand is next to her with a jar on top of it. Next to the jar is her battery power “knight light”, a shield she uses to keep the darkness away.She looks out the window and watches as the U-Haul drives away. 
                                            CUT TO
LATER

Cloe is in bed. Attempts to sleep without knight light. Too scary. Chaos. Shadows are intense, noise scary, and not able to sleep. She turns on her battery powered shield and the light shines on her, her photo of her and her dad, her shield over her bed, and the jar on her dresser. She is able to drift off into sleep because of knight light. 

The jar on the dresser begins to have a glowing swirl inside. Shakes, and a tiny hand comes out of the jar, and the monster peeks out. The monster creeps/slithers out it’s jar and a mist fills the room. He slinks over to the knight light, picks it up and smiles with big eyes. 

Chloe snores/makes a sleeping noise. Monster whips head and sees her.

He firmly hugs the knight light and creeps back into his jar. 

DARK ROOM

The light is gone. The light in the room implodes and all that is left is darkness. Chloe bolts awake, terrified of the night/dark. The shadows grow into menacing shapes. She can see the monster’s glowy footprints across her night stand and into his jar. The mist grows thicker and encircles her and she starts to be pulled toward the jar. Grasping to the bedpost, she manages to grab her shield as she is pulled into the Monster’s jar. 

The room is quiet, still and dark. 

INT. INSIDE MONSTER’S JAR

Chloe falls to the ground. Looks around and scurries to her shield. She holds it close;cowering. She looks around at this new world. Scary. Menacing shadows, scary noises, not light. Only light can be seen are the glowing footprints of the monster’s trail and a shimmering faint light in the distance. She stands up, shield in hand, cowering and follows the monster tracks. 

                                            CUT TO
INT. / EXT. OTHERWORLD FOREST

Chloe grips her shield as she walks forward. 

She comes to a giant rock and sees an enormous, distorted monster shadow. She is afraid! She puts her shield up and drops to her knees, hiding behind her shield. The light flickers and turns off. Darkness overcomes the forest. The noises become louder. She finds the courage to  put her shield to the side and creep around the rock. There she finds the little monster terrified and curled up with her knight light shield.

She realizes he is not scary. He is scared. She touches the monster’s back. He flinches. She shows him her shield. He looks at the shield he is holding. She is a good knight, like her father and the knight light. Her shield takes on the symbol/sigil of her father’s shield. It is glowing. She is not afraid. She can be brave.

The shadows become normal. The mist lessens.  The stars come out. The noises turn to cricket noises. 

She must go home. The Monster shows her the way. The path is no longer scary. Her and her monster friend have shields. They are brave. She stands tall with her new sense of empowerment. Her and the monster make their way back to Chloe’s home. 

                                            CUT TO
INT. CHLOE’S BEDROOM

Chloe and the monster have returned to her room. The room is misty from the return. She proudly hangs her shield over her bed, her own sense of power. She removes the  batteries from the alarm clock/another toy on her night stand and puts them in the battery powered knight light. She looks at her father’s picture, her shield and back to the little monster. She gifts him his own shield, the knight light. He crawls back into his jar and falls asleep with his shield. We can see his happy sleepy face. 
She crawls in bed, and falls asleep. She is not afraid. 

Room is dark. Shadows are normal, noises are crickets. The glow from the jar and shield blend and shine a faint light over Chloe, the picture, and the Monster in the Jar. 







